Hi, Christy, alcoholic.GROUP: Hi, Christy.
I know I've shared
about this before...
Yeah, yeah, I was a crappy mom.
Let it go.
I'm talking about being lonely.
Oh, great, carry on.
So, anyway, there's this
cute guy at my school,
and we'd been doing
the smiley, flirty thing
for a couple of weeks,
and one day I just
got tired of waiting
for him to make a move
and I gave him my number.
He seemed
really excited,
said he was gonna call,
so, crazy me, I believed him.
I mean, he drives a Prius.
Prius equals sincere,
everybody knows that.
Except Brad-- that's his
name-- never called.
So I give him
the benefit of the doubt.
Maybe a parent died,
maybe he died.
I was hoping he died.
And then
this morning
there he was,
walking across campus,
so not dead.
And that's when it hit me,
I'm gonna be alone forever.
[phone vibrates]
[sighs]
I have been sober
for almost four years,
and, yes, my life
is better for it,
but nobody told me
that leading a clean life
meant putting my vagina
up on blocks.
[phone vibrates]
Would the owner of the phone
or vibrator please turn it off?
It's your phone.
What?
Oh.
Sorry.
But it is something
you would do.
[sighs] I'm just saying
that when it comes to love,
sobriety isn't doing
me any good at all.
I may as well be a...
Oh, my God,
it's a text from Brad.
He lost his phone,
he just found it,
he's really sorry, and he
wants to take me to dinner.
GROUP:
Aw.
Anyway,
sobriety's amazing, thanks.
♪
Okay, babe, I'm
gonna head home.
You really need to drag
all that back and forth
every time you spend the night?
Oh, you poor, simple man.
You think this just
magically happens?
This requires equipment.
Such as?
Forgetting about clothing,
underwear, shoes,
lingerie for before,
sweatpants for after,
there's also body lotion,
face lotion, exfoliant,
night repair,
eye cream, makeup,
which is a whole subcategory.
Then you've got your
curling iron, blow dryer,
shampoo, conditioner--
which by the way,
is two separate things,
no matter what it says
on that big jug
of industrial crap you use.
I have a blow dryer.
Aw, you're so cute.
You have a boy blow dryer.
It's only good
for drying your balls.
You saw me?
Unfortunately.
Why don't you just leave
all that stuff here?
Oh, for God's sakes,
because then I wouldn't have
my stuff at home.
I can't afford to double up
on everything.
Well, maybe all this going
back and forth isn't working.
Maybe we need to make a change.
Are we breaking up?
'Cause I should warn you,
I've been getting a lot
of hits on Farmers Only.
Have you now?
Yeah, you want to know why?
'Cause city folk
just don't get it.
What I'm trying to say is...
...maybe you'd consider
moving in with me.
Oh.
[chuckles]
Wow.
It'd be a hell of a lot
more practical.
Practical.
Be still my beating heart.
You don't have to answer now.
I'm just putting it out there.
Okay, well...
[strained]:
thanks for asking.
I'm gonna need some time
to get quiet
and... give it some thought.
Cool.
Let me know what Marjorie says.
I will.
All right,
so I'm gonna ask the question
that's on everyone's mind,
how bad was your date
last night?
It was actually really good.
So, did you guys...?No, he was a gentleman.
Eh, well, I just tuned out.
It was weird--
he asked me all these questions
and listened to the answers
and then remembered them
and mentioned them later.
Gay alert.
So where'd he take you?A vegan restaurant
called The Sprouted Flute.
[chuckles]
Did he bring his husband?
Marjorie, make her stop.
Ignore her, go on.
The food was actually great.
Brad says that the human body
isn't really designed
to consume meat.
If the good Lord didn't
want us to eat meat,
why'd he invent veal?
He knows so much about
the environment and food
and politics.
Did you know that,
in some parts of the world...Big news, Adam has asked me
to move in with him.
[women gasp]What do you guys think?
Well, I think it's a really...
If you don't
mind, Marjorie?
It's a big step,
Bonnie.
That's what I was gonna say.
BONNIE: Here's what
has me worried.
We're getting along
great now, but,
you know, it's like cocaine--
the first couple of lines,
everything's good,
next thing you know,
you're robbing a Laundromat
with no septum.
So you're not
gonna do it?
Hang on, Wendy.
Marjorie?
Well, Bonnie, I think
it's a personal decision
and you need
to pray on it...
Hey!
I was in the middle
of saying something
when you walked in.
Sorry, finish.
Thank you.
Brad told me that,
in certain parts of the world,
people are dying because they
don't have clean drinking water.
And?
That's it.
It's just really messed up.
So what do you think? Should
I move in with Hot Wheels?
Okay, now add
a slice of eggplant
and hit that with another
scoop of cashew cheese.
I just keep picturing
tiny little farmers
trying to milk cashews.
[laughs] You know,
before I became a vegan,
my favorite meal in the world
was a bacon cheeseburger.
And then I realized
I was tired all the time.
I'm tired
all the time.
And I couldn't focus.I can't focus.
I was moody.
I'm super moody.
So you get it.
Not really.
Close your eyes.
I want you to taste something.
Okay, but just so you know,
I once had a bad experience
with this exact scenario.
Trust me.
Yeah, he said that, too.
Pretty great, huh?
I really want to say yes.
Give me another bite.
Now this I like.
Oops.
Oh, sorry, uh...
For kissing her? She's in
a serious slump; get at it.
Brad, this is Bonnie, my mom.
Bonnie, Brad.
Captain Prius, nice to meet you.
Brad and I are
making dinner.
Oh, what are you cooking?
Actually, nothing.
Brad is showing me
how to prepare a raw,
vegan lasagna.
Why?
Um...
why are we doing this again?
Eating raw food
is how human beings
have thrived for
millions of years.
Thrived? Those guys died at 18
and walked around like monkeys.
All right, off you go.All right.
See you.
Shall we eat?
I eat all the time.
Kiss me.
Hey.
Ooh, that smells great.
Yeah, couple of bone-in
rib eyes.
Nice.
You have no idea what's
going on back at my place.
Christy's vegan boyfriend
is preparing a feast
fit for a gerbil.[laughs]
Oh, no, not one of those guys.
Did he try to sell you on it?
Oh, yeah, vegans and Mormons,
always looking to turn you.
[laughs]
Hey, come here.
I want to show you something.
I've seen it before, but I'm
always happy to take a peek.
Ta-da.
Oh, my God,
what did you do?
I thought I could make it easier
for you to spend the night.
You thought of everything.
Lot of loofahs.
How many you think I needed?
I figured it was like sandpaper,
you get it for different
kinds of wood.
Oh, Adam.
I did good?
You did really good.
I love you.
[laughing]:
I love you, too.
I want to move in with you.
Really?
Yeah.
[laughs]
Oh, damaged women
are so easy to please.
[crying]:
We really are.
I know.
BONNIE: So, with me
out of the way,
you and Captain Prius will
have the run of the place.
Stop calling him that.
Okay, how about King Kale?
You already used that one,
it wasn't funny the first time.
All right, here's a new one:
Jolly Green Average Height.
Say what you want,
I really like Brad.
Ooh, ooh! Tofu Gigio.
Yeah, hilarious.
In the meantime, last night he
introduced me to Tantric sex.
Ugh, is that the sex
where you don't finish?
Have you ever tried it?
Not on purpose.
The point of it is
learning self-control.
Brad says that if
you're not thinking about
where you're going, you get
to be present for where you are.
Sounds like where you are would
be chafed and frustrated.
I wouldn't expect you to get it.
Clearly you didn't
get it either.
Come on, grab a box, let's go.
Brad says the orgasm
is greatly overrated.
[Bonnie laughs hysterically]
[continues laughing]
All right, enough.
Oh, sorry.
[chuckles]
I think that's all of it.
Wow.
It's gonna be weird
around here without you.
Yeah, but you know,
if you think about it,
it's actually kind of cool.
You and I came together
when we needed each other,
we healed, and now we're
ready to move on.
[crying]:
Why'd you have to say that?
I don't know,
it just came out.
But it's true.
So true.
[sniffs]
What is that smell?
Brad hooked me up with
some natural deodorant.
Well, it ain't working.
I know.
[sniffles]
That's okay.
I still love you.
I love you, too.
And I really hope
with all my heart
that this works out for you.
Thanks, babe.
I guess this is good-bye.
Yup. This is it.
Okay.
I'll see you at
the meeting tonight.
[blow dryer whirring]
[turns off]
Babe?
Hey. Where'd you go?
To the bathroom.
In the hallway?
At my neighbor's.
I don't understand, why didn't
you just use this one?
Because somebody was
in there for 58 minutes.
Hon, you sound like Christy.
I wasn't in there that long.
Price Is Rightstarted
and ended.
The guy won a Toyota,
and I almost soiled my chair.
Oh, gosh, I'm so sorry.
Why didn't you say something?
I banged on the door,
but your jet-engine hair dryer
drowned me out.
Wow, okay, can we file this one
under "lesson learned"?
Yeah, sure.
I don't even know my neighbor.
Now I owe a favor
to a 43-year-old man
who uses one-ply paper
and collects troll dolls.
Again, I'm sorry.
Forget it.
We just probably
need to work out
some kind of schedule.
Yeah, we'll find our rhythm.
What happened to my...
Problem?
No, it's just...
...that's my Kennedy
Space Center mug.
I didn't know it was special.
Did you get it on a field trip?
My dad gave it to me.
Well, would you like to have it?
No, no, it's fine.
I'll just use one
that doesn't remind me
of my late father.
Whatever.
[shudders]
Okay, how about this?
Why don't we go through
all the mugs,
and you can tell me what's what?
You know, don't
make this a thing.
Oh, it's already a thing.
Okay, Westfield Dry Cleaners.
Can I drink out of this,
or did they sponsor
your Little League team?
Actually, an old girlfriend
left that here.
Good to know.
Next up, ooh, who's the slut
you took to Lake Tahoe?
Thanks again for
making dinner.
My pleasure.
Mung bean pizza tastes
much better than
regular pizza--
am I right?
It certainly takes
longer to chew.
Trust me, your colon's
gonna thank you.
Well, the old girl's
trying to say something.
Okay, let's get started.
Now close your eyes.
You gonna kiss me again?
No, we're gonna meditate.
Just as good.
Take a deep, cleansing breath.
Inhale... Exhale...
[stomach rumbling]
Sorry. Mung beans.
Perfectly natural.
And once again,
deep, centering breath.
Peace in...
fear out.
[stomach rumbling]
Wow, that one cracked a rib.
Don't judge it.
Observe it.
Observe it?
I can taste it.
[gunfire, tires screeching
on TV]
Hey.
[turns TV off]
What you doing?
Just going through the mail.
You mean going through my mail?
I think you mean,
"Thanks for bringing it in."
Whatever, sure, thanks.
[turns TV on]
[gunfire, tires screeching
on TV]
[turns TV off]
It's just you've only been here
a couple of days.
It's not likely that there's
anything there for you.
What's the big deal?
Were you expecting something
from the Kennedy Space Center?
You're right. You're right.
Forget it.
[turns TV on]
[turns TV off]
Bon?
Yeah?
Jacket.
Yeah.
Love you.Yep!
[turns TV on]
Whoa! That was close.
Really? We're doing
the Tantric thing every time?
Yeah, what'd you think?
I don't know, one on, one off?
You're so funny.
I'm gonna go floss.
[stomach rumbling]
Oh, shut up.
[smacking, slurping]
This was a good idea, Mom.
Right? I hardly ever
get to see you,
and this dinner gives us
a chance to get to know Brad.
And also miss a
crucial playoff game.
I told you to record it.
A game like that
you need to watch live.
Am I right, Brad?
I wouldn't know,
I don't watch sports.
Really?
What, were you
raised by women?
Yes.
Brad's more of an outdoorsy guy.
This morning, we took
a nature walk,
picked up litter,
and saw a fox.
Well, Brad saw it.
I was trying to spear
a condom with a stick.
I hope you don't mind
that we brought our own food.
I try not to be
one of "those people"
who imposes their lifestyle
on others.
You hear that?
Brad doesn't impose
his lifestyle on others.
Is this about
the towels again?
I told you, I like 'em
folded in thirds.
You didn't tell me,
you lectured me.
Well, that's 'cause
when I said it nicely,
you laughed at me.
I thought you were kidding.
Speaking of towels,
Brad and I have been sharing one
to cut down
on our water footprint.
I've also turned her on
to mindful flushing.
Yep. If it's yellow,
let it mellow.
Or you could just cop
a squat at the neighbor's.
How many times do I
have to say I'm sorry?
These quinoa cakes came
out pretty good, huh?
Quinoa, quin-wow!
Christy, you sure
you don't want some ribs?
They do look good.
But I'm trying to make
healthier choices.
It's not just
for our own sake.
You do know that the
livestock industry
is destroying our planet.
No, Brad, I do not know that.
Why don't you tell them
about your podcast?
Oh, yeah, yeah, sure.
It's called
Giving Up with Brad Partridge.
So it's about assisted suicide?
No. Thisis
assisted suicide.
Brad teaches that happiness
is not about getting stuff,
it's about giving stuff up.
See, our culture
has it all wrong.
We spend our entire lives
accumulating things
when, really, we should
be giving them up.
Like a cabinet full
of coffee mugs
you think chronicle your life?
Or a Ziploc Baggie
full of old hair extensions?
You said that was my drawer.
Why are you looking
in my drawer?
Why you looking
at my mail?
Maybe we should g...Why'd you ask me
to move in
if you're gonna be so freakin'
weird about everything?
ADAM:
I'm not weird about things.
I'm specific.Oh, please.
You're so anal, your ass
is folded into thirds.
Aw, been nice knowing you.
You have no idea
how happy I am
to be in bed with you.
Right back at you.
Mmm... this is
the closest I've come
to an orgasm in weeks.
What did you see
in that guy, anyway?
Come on, Mom,
he stood for something.
He wanted to make the world
a better place and...
Oh, who am I kidding?
He liked me.
Are you that desperate?
Yes, said the girl eating ribs
in bed with her mother.
Hey, can I get
in on that?
Adam wouldn't let
me eat in bed.
Are you guys
gonna be okay?
Oh, yeah.
We love each other,
but three nights a week
is our magic number.
My magic number with Brad
is minus nine,
considering how many times
I went to sleep
with a bag of frozen peas
between my legs.
Mmm.
They'rethe problem, right?
Absolutely.